2019-04-27

I red this article: 
https://towardsdatascience.com/how-docker-can-help-you-become-a-more-effective-data-scientist-7fc048ef91d5

I found this article really usefull since I don't know anything about Docker. 
We used it in class, but I didn't really understand what we were doing, so this article is a really good start. 
One thing I found really interesting is the reproductible side of Docker. 
Being able to put everything (configuration files, drivers, operating systems, etc.) in a Docker container is a big advantage.
Also, I learnt about statements and what they are used for. I'm not sure I could use them now and completely understand what they do, but at least I know they exist!

Docker can be really usefull and I need to know how it works, even if now I feel like an extraterrestrial when I use Docker!
But at least, I will have this article I can refer to when I'll use Docker and try things with it.


2019-05-04

I red this article:
https://towardsdatascience.com/6-bits-of-advice-for-data-scientists-6e5758c52fb2

Very interesting article about the use of data and how to work better with it. 
I particularly liked this sentence: ''A data scientist needs to be critical and always on a lookout of something that others miss'' 
There is so many data today and it's so easy to use them, but we have to make sure we do it correctly. 

I work a lot with data at my job and sometimes we just use them as they are and make conclusions with them. 
But we should never do that before understanding it and making sure it makes sens.


2019-05-11

I red this article: 
https://medium.com/microsoft-design/if-you-want-to-be-creative-dont-be-data-driven-55db74078eda

This article was interesting as it made me questionned myself about my job. I work a lot with data, analyzing it to find solutions, but it's true
that I should also ask myself other questions about it. 
My favorite sentence is this one: ''So next time you’re faced with a “data-driven” scenario do this: instead of looking for the answers 
the data provides, look for the questions it generates.''
